## About POSTMAN :point_down:

<div align="justified">

Postman is a collaboration platform for API development. Postman is a collaboration platform for API development. Postman's features simplify each step of building an API and streamline collaboration so we can create better APIs—faster. This is done by allowing users to create and save simple and complex HTTP/s requests, as well as read their responses. The result - more efficient and less tedious work. Postman is very convenient when it comes to executing APIs. Once we’ve entered and saved them, you can simply use them over and over again, without having to remember the exact endpoint, headers, API keys, etc. I have used it for using the API, GET and POST requests. I have created a workspace here and pasted the link generated by HEROKU.
 
</div>

### LOCALHOST  :point_down:

<div align="justified">
 
I have made this API testing and run it in localhost where I defined the port number. So we can run this API in localhost through npm start. Using the API in localhost we can upload image files in uploads folder in public folder using POST REQUEST. After that it will be uploaded in my 'daily-deals-images-bucket's storage in https://console.firebase.google.com/project/daily-deals-images-bucket/storage/daily-deals-images-bucket.appspot.com/files in my firebase acount associated with my email id 'bbiswa471@gmail.com'. If a user is 'ADMIN USER' he or she will be able to get details like user details. For this he or she has to use GET REQUEST.
 
</div>

